The problem is cover of honey, first of all, we learn what the problem is.
So here there are three hours given these are the two hours, three hours given an hour.
There are some number of disk kept one, two, three, four, five.
So these are kept on a.
Now, the problem is we have to transfer all this disk from our aid to cover feet.
So we can just take out all this and keep them there?
No, you have to take out one day at a time, move one desk at a time.
OK, we will transfer all these this one by one and be so Fosterville come the most welcome here, Dianabol
that I've ordered from here.
No, you cannot transfer like this.
You have to transfer such that no larger this should be kept over a smaller disk.
So you cannot have a small risk here and the larger disk over it.
This is not allowed to conditions.
How did you have to move on to such a time security?
The larger this should not be kept auris Monegasque.
So by following these two conditions, you have to move all this and the disk from our aid to Tower
C before moving all this disk from cover to cover C V may require one more start over so that our beas
given azo auxiliary tower.
So we have to move disk from our AI, from our C, from and to.
And this is for utilization, for helping.
So this is using the Stohr.
We are using the one that is auxiliary cover.
So from the source and to the destination and other one is using let us call it as using.
So else you can call that our name says A.B.C. not the problem is not so easy.
It is believed to be unsolvable problem.
There is some story behind this problem.
It is believed that somewhere in the world there is a temple and the other temple distrait over there
and there is a tower with sixteen golden disk.
And few priests are trying to move this disc from cover to cover C and they are doing it from centuries.
And if they are successful, the world will.
And that could be a doomsday.
So there is a story behind this one.
So it is believed that these two words and temple as in China and India.
So this was believed as unsolvable problem.
But this problem can be solved using recursion.
Let us see how recursion helps in solving this problem.
So we want, what should we do, move to such a dark that this can be transferred from A to C with the
help of B, so will take some number of disk and we will try to devise a recursive function.
Now we are ready to devise a recursive algorithm for this fund.
I have taken three problems here.
One problem with a single desk and second problem, but the two is let us solve these problems one by
one.
So the first problem there is the single desk.
So simply move this this from A to C.
So the problem is off on a problem where only one is given and we have three towards A, B, C, and
there is only one desk, then what we are supposed to do, move desk.
From.
And to see that the source resignation from Pooh-pooh and with the help of our big donor, we are not
using this B here because there is only one desk.
We don't need to be what I am writing it that will help me write on other positions.
No, there are two disc when there are two, this number of nine to discard one and three to watch.
How did ABC then what I'm supposed to do, see the topmost disc?
I cannot wait to see more of it to be so the stock moves.
This can be to be.
So there's a small disc.
Come here.
That is not the destination that is familiar to what intermediate auxiliary over, so that is not the
destination.
So moving there is temporary or moving there as recursively.
So that first a step as.
Out of her nine one disc from see, this was the source and the source, the destination, this was
the middle oxalate.
Now we have moved it from this source to this destination.
We have moved from A to B so far.
This is single topmost.
This C became my intermediate of R R this auxiliary tower, actually a destination where we are not
moving there.
So we are moving here.
So this becomes source and this destination and that becomes a using tower or auxiliary tower.
So serious mean that first step.
So no second step.
Move this larger disk from here to see.
One desk for me to see directly, so that is the same as this one, so move desk.
From.
A to see using B.
So we have not used, but we have seen that we are using B so the other day our ability to do what we
are mentioning it.
So this is a move from a to see that same as the first step.
We have already seen how to move on this.
That same step is useful.
You know what is remaining from cover B?
We have to move more to cover C, and this becomes an auxiliary tower.
So that step is recursive step.
So let us call it a recursive step number of a nine one disk.
And the source is B, destination of C, an auxiliary to what is A.
So these are the three steps I got, so here I am saying move right, don't worry about this.
This should be performed.
As for the first step, and this also should be performed as that first step.
So this is recursive.
So this definition I have written recursively.
Now, if there are three, discuss how to move them, let us see a of honey, this sort of intermediate,
our destination, our.
Now we have to discuss how to move through this, if I number them one, two, three from top.
Then how to move them not far.
Those are steps we will use or take here and define recursively observe this.
I will say that move these to this to to be.
Move these two days to our B to desk, we cannot move at a time, no, no, we are not moving to this
at a time.
Those two are moved by following this matter.
We already know how to move to desk.
We saw how to move to this from ER to see the final.
This was kept here.
Right.
So er to see how to move, we saw now instead of er to see you have to move them from A to B.
So that is not in one step, that is in three steps, so moving to disk from cover to cover, B takes
a three step, which will utilize it our C or be something.
Some holiday will be moved.
So how to move?
If you want to see that, follow these steps.
So to make this problem simple, we are seeing that move to.
So moving to this is not just one step, it is recursive.
So how to move towards other steps?
Then they can to move on.
This other step was given here.
So let us right on that first step.
First step is cover of honey three minus one to disk from there to where it to be.
A to B and C is the intermediate term.
OK, then to discard move did not.
Third largest remaining move this disk to our C.
So second step is.
Move this.
From.
A to see.
Using B.
So move that one.
No, we are not using or we are using it or not, there is a different thing using the intermediate
term.
Now, what does it mean you have to move to this from B to C to this, you cannot move at a time, but
how to move those two this and multiple steps already shown here.
So follow those steps now.
So this is not A Salsa's B and destination A C, so A is an auxiliary tower.
So this is all multiple steps, but we tried it as a single step here.
So the third step is tomorrow for nine to disk from B to C using A.
That's all.
So these three steps, so we can see that when we have three desk, we can perform it like this.
So now from the this formula, not from this 3D procedure, we can generate the idea for any number
of disk.
So suppose this is and then what it should be and minus one.
Then what this should be and minus one.
That's it, because this is Recursive Requestion will call itself again, so there are more steps below
that call, so don't imagine it's a single step, but we are able to define it recursively so far,
defining it recursively.
I made a simple problem, the next little bigger problem than a little bigger problem.
Now, this is suitable for all and number of tasks, not just to disk to suitable for any number of
things.
So I have done with it.
But no, I will try doing this as a recursive function and I will take an example.
And is this function and show you really these steps will solve the problem.
Now here is a recursive function for solving problem Tower of Honey, based on our discussion of the
final function that I got to find a little gaudium that I have redundant as a function.
So let us really don't see this taking forward parameters.
Number of our No A.B.C., our first three, our numbers, ABC are three, our numbers.
Then if number of this are more than zero, more than zero, then perform these three steps.
So first step is recursive.
Call that one reduce disk.
That is a minus one.
And that was our changing C this was from the world and this is a two to work.
So this is using no in the first step already we saw that we will move this, this from A to B. So from
the what is A and B to what is two and C's using power then move our disk from A to C.
So I ordered like this because of lack of space.
The next one you have to move and minus one this which were kept in B from B to C, so sources from
S.B and Destination to C and is auxiliary.
So I replace this one and see how this function will solve our problem.
And this is an example problem here.
The number of disk are three and I want a I would be no c I'm not calling them as ABC actually does
are variable names.
So values in the month of October 2003.
So one and two and three.
So slight change here.
Those are actually variable names, but in them the values, the name of the tower, I have to take
advantage.
Otherwise I should take them as characters.
So instead of characters, logistic integers, whatever numbers are there, one, two, three to four
numbers.
Now, if this function is scarred by passing these parameters.
Three, one, two, three.
So this is N and this is A and B, this is C, so these four are past.
So now let us raise this one.
So here the first call I will write the first column number of three and the current numbers are one,
two and three.
So these four values are passed and is greater than zero.
And if the three, then what to do, call itself by N minus one and the values that change.
So let us write on the second.
So this is.
And minus one, the first two.
First is a is one.
Next year, see C is three.
And last one is a be that our number is two, yes, deserve change.
Now, this call has to be expanded, but before expanding, I will relied on other two steps.
Also, it will be easy for writing.
Brent, move from a to see, so eager to see, so this is step from one to three, so move on from a
to see so a one and sees three.
The third step.
This is step.
And the minus one, so three minus one, that is two and the B first, so that is two.
Then again, next, that is a is one and last one to see that, see the three.
So as we know, the working of recursion, this call is making two more calls, the first call has to
be finished first, then it will bring this one, then it will call this one.
So we know that what we have written all of them together at once.
So that's easy to write.
Now, let us continue this call.
Will we perform so as support discon again, three steps because this is two and two is greater than
zero.
So for that, what are the steps?
So first step ACB.
So this is one A, C, b.
Right now, let's bring Daisy, ac ac so one to two, one, two, to say it is not a.
So last hour is not it is a two for one to be, it means to be.
Then this is step.
One, and this is B, a, c.
B ac DC three, one, two, the call.
Then I'll expand this one also, though, this is done afterwards.
Let us expand this.
So for this first call ACB so the two will become one, A, C, B.
The next step is move it to sea.
So what is a guy who sees what one saw?
Two to one?
Then third step.
And minus one BSEE and minus one B, A, C, so one, two, three, B, A, C, minus one is B, C asked
for the variable names.
You see the variable name ABC.
So this is a variable name and I values to now this variable named B and its value is one.
So we think the values of the variable.
So this is basically the variable name.
So this is variable and this is a variable to see variable necessary to.
One more level of steps I have to write, but this time the call will be for Zettl.
Zero, not one to zero, it has no meaning because when it is greater than zero, it is performing.
So the next step will not be performed.
So this call will not execute at all.
So checking that words and writing them is useless.
So I will avoid writing the steps.
So if I have to write the first steps, ACB, that is HCB, that is one three two billion is of no use
if is going to terminate.
So I will avoid this one.
Then what is the next step to see is one sees three one three.
The next step is again zero.
But some values then for this, this is step zero with some parameters and this is move from three to
two.
So three to two.
This is one, two, three.
Is free and six to so critical and the system is again useless now for this left hand side is useless
because the function will not execute the minimal step move to see.
So three to one.
Move to see that is two to one, so two to one, and this is a game of no use and here left hand side
of no use, middle one to see.
One, two, three, one, two, three.
The right side zero.
So actually, these steps will not be performed, this will not be performed.
So I'll just mark them to show that these are not required.
No, let us see how these calls are made and take those results, see, first, this is the call, first
call, then second call, then third call, then fourth call, which will not execute seismogram das,
which will not execute.
So have strike enough that now the next step is one to three.
So the first step is one command three does the first step.
Then this is the fifth call.
Then go back.
This is their best performance, so the step is one comfort to someone who is the next step, then the
second sixth call, then seventh call.
That is step three to do so.
The first three to two.
The aide call.
Then go back and this is step one, two, three, one, two, three.
The next this is the ninth call.
And just the Carl Levin call, then two to one.
So this is two to one.
Then this is the tool called.
Then the student is brain dead.
Oh, sorry.
This was two to three, I thought, attached to the one ear to see two to three.
So this is two to three.
Then putting one foot in goal and then this one, two, three steps, one, two, three.
Then the 15 column support, 15 calls are just making for a three disc, but let me show you the values
once again.
See, first call is this one, then this call and this call in this call, Thandiswa Sprint.
So first Disvalue Sprint and then this call then or then this is the next one.
Then goes back and this is the next value printer and this one is printed next.
And then it comes on this side.
So two to one and then two to three.
Then finally, one, two, three.
So the values are printed like this.
So if you know the three driver, this is more like in order drivers.
And so the printing is done in order.
Tollerson.
So these are the steps I got.
If I follow these steps up on this problem, then that this will be transferred from A to our C with
the help of Tower B, so I will take these steps and show you how it works.
But before showing you that, let us analyze how much time this is ticking.
See, there are three the number of this country.
So how many calls it is making, this is making.
15 Gong's.
Then and is equal to how many calls it will make.
So let us look at the subset of this one.
So one, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
So it is making seven counts.
So actually, for three itself, if you see one, then two, then one, two, three, four calls, then
eight calls.
So this is nothing but one plus two plus two squared plus two Kupe.
So these many calls it is making.
So this is nothing but topographer minus one that is 16, minus 115 so far.
And how many calls it will make algorithm here, one plus two plus two squared plus goes on to two power
end.
So this will be two percent plus one minus one.
So this is order of power.
And so this is exponential time taking problem.
The function is calling itself two times by degrees to value often and the minus one.
So two times it is calling to bottom.
Well, this is time consuming function.
It's exponential time taking function.
It takes to power and time.
Now I will take these steps and show you how the this can be moved.
Now here are the steps that we got from the function and here is the problem with the three disk undercover
numbers.
You can see I have labeled them as one, two, three.
You can call them as ABC.
Also the value of A's one B's two one six three.
So I have taken numbers and these steps are giving numbers.
Now, let us follow these steps are from these steps over this disk and get the result.
First step.
What does it say?
Movement is from government to 2003.
So from Tower one, tower three, we have to move orders and we know very well that we have to move
only one desk.
Right.
And need to ask how MiniDisc we have to move on this quantity.
So one disk move it from the star to.
Disturber.
No.
One, two, three, one, two, three, second step, more modest from government to do so from to two,
which is that is not a second smaller disk.
We have so moved that one to cover B.
What that is from one to to the next step is three, two to so over to second our OK, move this from
third over to the second tower, just as moved.
The next step is move orders from Tower one, two, three, from Tower one, two, three.
So this largest disk, you'll send it on tower three, OK?
Largest defendant.
What we know makes this more is from two to one, so from second toward the one.
So the smaller it is, you bring it here.
Then more or less from second to what would hurt our second or third tower.
So this second night, this that this middle desk, you set it on Totowa.
Then move this from one to three, so from first of talk to her so more this from first hour to target
over.
That song, I have followed these steps and under this God move from here until they see the definition
was recursive, saying that move to disc from cover to cover be a reality, not moving to the skin one
step, we are moving them recursively.
So we have utilized one all the other towers and we have shifted the disc here and there.
And finally we got all this controversy.
So that was the objective.
If you are not following the steps, if you are randomly trying to do, we may be wasting our time by
performing unnecessary steps or repeating steps.
That is a problem, not recursion.
Gives us perfect minimum number of steps, a number of steps.
If you follow that, you can move the disc from one to another time.
Now, that's all about out of a problem, not for you to remember it.
You have to work on this one.
So practice this one once and then you can easily remember this one.
And this idea will help you solve other problems.
Disturber of an idea will help you think recursively.